SAUL:
Previously on Homeland:
Sandy had a dark asset
providing targeting information
on terrorists in
the border region.
So?
He was out there trading
top secret information
to God knows who.
Oh, please.
In exchange for a few
successful drone strikes.
So, what was that
about with Lockhart?
I'm going back to Islamabad.
As station chief.
Ah.
Good morning.
Ambassador.
INTERVIEWER:
Aayan, those were your
relatives that were killed
in the wedding party
the Americans bombed.
The Americans,
they're murderers, okay?
But what we did to that man,
how is that any different?
LOCKHART:
Kid who shot
the wedding video--
turns out he's a nephew
of Haissam Haqqani.
I need a favor. Put this
someplace safe for a while.
Yeah. What is it?
Just, um...
personal things
that I don't want taken.
What are you doing?
You need to keep your
mouth shut.
I'm quitting my job.
Something happen?
QUINN:
A lot of things happened.
Fuck me.
It was premeditated-- the whole
thing from start to finish.
There was a guy in the crowd
with an earpiece
coordinating the whole thing.
Jesus, Quinn.
This changes everything.
It means I really need you now.
You don't know
who you can trust yet,
so you need to set up
a second station somewhere,
with your own people,
independent of the embassy.
Are we up on the kid yet?
Yeah. He's back
at school.
You're in trouble, Aayan.
Who are you?
My name is Carrie Macpherson.
Fara Sassani works for me.
I'm her London bureau chief.
You don't understand.
I cannot talk to you.
What are you scared of?
Who's threatening you?
Because I can
protect you, Aayan.
I can even get you out
of Pakistan
if that's what you want.
How?
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
MARTHA: It's Alice
in fucking Wonderland.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
CARRIE:
Where are you?
QUINN:
I'm at a safe distance.
...clipped an artery.
(screams)
SAUL:
I know a way.
(speaking Arabic)
ANDREA MITCHELL:
First, the U.S. found
and killed
Osama bin Laden outside...
(crowd clamoring)
CARRIE:
You will die over there!
HILLARY CLINTON: You can't
keep snakes in your backyard
and expect them
only to bite your neighbors.
JOHN KERRY: There are things
that the Pakistanis have done,
as complicated as
the relationship has been.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
SAUL:
I'm so sorry.
BRODY:
I have to say good-bye now.
CARRIE:
Just for a few more seconds.
(sighs)
Vampire hours.
Jesus Christ.
You scared me.
You ever sleep?
You ever knock?
What are you looking at?
Just trying to
familiarize myself
with the local ISI agents.
Mmm.
Well, you won't find him
in that database.
Who?
Farhad Ghazi.
Why not?
He's not proper
Pakistani Intelligence.
He's a local hood
that they outsource
the strong-arm stuff to.
(typing)
CARRIE:
Farhad Ghazi, huh?
REDMOND:
I never forget
a pretty face.
Don't say I never did
anything for you.
(printer whirring)
(quiet, indistinct conversation)
(knock at door)
Aayan.
Is your father here?
No, it's okay.
Do you have the bag
I gave you?
Kiran?
Kiran, do you
have the bag?
Baba found it.
Kiran, can I...?
I need the bag, please.
Where is it?
Kiran, tell me.
He destroyed it.
He smashed everything.
How could you let him do that?
I tried to stop him.
I begged him to stop.
I'm sorry.
Kiran, you have no idea
what you just did.
Who are the medicines for,
Aayan?
(door opens)
What is this?
You alone in the house with
this drug dealer?
I'm not a drug dealer!
You're not a medical
student either.
I reported you to the
university for stealing drugs.
Why did you do that?
They'll expel me!
Get out of here.
-What!
-Go!
Daddy, what did you do?
Get out! Get away from here!
-I'm not doing anything!
-Get out! Get away from here!
What you told them will ruin me!
Don't come back!
You're wrong! You'll see!
♪ ♪
Saul.
Carrie.
Is there somewhere we can talk?
Put the bags in the car.
I'll be a couple
of minutes. This way.
So?
You still have
contacts here
in the intelligence
community, right?
Sure.
Have you been in touch
with any of them on this trip?
No. But I can always
pick up the phone.
It's more than a call.
I need you sitting
across from someone.
Carrie, my plane
leaves in less than...
Saul.
Sandy's death was no act
of mob violence.
It was premeditated.
What?
The ISI killed him.
Straight out.
Look.
This was taken
that day at the scene.
Name's Farhad Ghazi--
he's a real creep
with a long history of wet work
for their counterterrorism unit.
Who else knows about this?
Just you, me and Quinn.
Well, you can't keep this
to yourself.
Langley needs to know.
White House
needs to know.
So, what, we lodge
a formal protest?
Yes.
So Pakistan issues
a formal denial,
we expel a bunch
of their diplomats,
they expel a bunch of ours,
and in the end,
nobody's held accountable.
Accountability isn't in
the job description, Carrie.
Sandy was one of ours,
murdered by one of theirs.
That's a huge fucking deal.
Something's going on.
Something's always going on.
No, not like this.
Quinn called me last week,
concerned.
About what?
You.
Me?
He's the one who wigged out.
Well, maybe that was
the more appropriate response.
Well, maybe he should keep
his opinions to himself.
So, you gonna help me or not?
Hey, Quinn.
Hey, Fara.
You're early.
Tailwinds.
Carrie's not here yet.
Okay.
I just put on
some coffee.
Want some?
Sure.
This free?
Yeah.
So, catch me up.
Did Carrie identify
the guy with the earpiece?
She did.
She's with Saul now,
laying out the operation.
So Saul rattles a
general's cage or two
and we wait to see who delivers
the message to our foot soldier.
Yeah. His name's Farhad Ghazi.
How is she?
Carrie? Good.
Amazing, actually.
You got this place
up and running in record time.
All her.
Honestly, I don't know when
she finds the time to sleep.
He's here.
Who?
The medical student.
Aayan.
I will only speak
to Carrie Macpherson.
She gave me her card.
Carrie's not here right now.
But she's on her way.
How long?
Ten minutes at the most.
Please, she'll
want to see you.
Come on, Aayan. You can
wait in my office.
You don't have to talk to anyone
else, if you don't want to.
Okay. Okay.
This way.
Make yourself comfortable.
I'll get you a glass of water.
She left the embassy
immediately
and went straight to the hotel
where Saul Berenson is staying.
She spent 20 minutes there.
Then she had
her security detail
drop her off
at Faisal Avenue in G-8.
I lost her shortly afterwards.
Shortly?
She's good.
Gave no sign she'd even made me.
Hmm.
You think anybody on her detail
will play ball with us?
Well, they just got here.
Find out.
Yeah.
And that, uh, photo
of Farhad Ghazi--
I'd never seen it before.
Looked like a frame grab
of some kind-- see if you
can track down
where she got it from.
Yeah.
Where is he?
In my office.
Did you really mean it
when you said
you could get me out
of Pakistan?
You let me tell your story,
I'll get you to London.
You can do that, though?
You can?
My paper can.
We get sources out of
tricky situations all the time.
Okay.
Good.
But, um, I need
80,000 rupees first.
That's nearly 500 pounds.
What for?
Can't tell you.
Then I can't give it to you.
I knew this wasn't for real.
Aayan?
Is this the man
that threatened you?
Because if it is,
you're in a lot more trouble
than I thought.
He works for state security.
He's nobody you want
in your life
under any circumstances.
(crying)
Hey.
(sniffs)
What is going
on, Aayan?
You need to tell me.
Is he blackmailing you?
No, it's not like that.
He's got nothing to do with
why I need the money.
You have to tell me
why you need it, then.
I can't.
But 80,000 rupees will fix it,
whatever it is?
It might.
Okay.
Come with me.
Fara, I need 80,000 rupees
from petty cash.
At least let me send
somebody with you,
in case there's
a problem.
I have to do this alone.
Thank you.
Be safe.
And if you really
want out of Pakistan,
you have to be back here
as soon as possible.
Okay.
Thank you.
Go.
Max is already
in the van.
Why are you looking
at me like that?
Fara filled me in on the kid.
And...?
Getting anybody asylum
these days is no easy matter,
much less a place at
medical college in London.
Yeah, I'm aware
of that, Quinn.
So you have
another play?
He's an iron
in the fire.
He knows something
he's not saying.
Our man with the earpiece
paid him a visit last week.
He did?
Anything else you want to know?
I'll get my things.
PROFESSOR:
Strategically,
United States concerns
about the endgame
in Afghanistan,
Islamabad's persistent
attachment
to violent extremist groups
and the fact that
Pakistan may lurch
into greater internal
instability--
thus threatening the security
of its nuclear arsenal--
all means that an easy alliance
between our two countries
is not in the cards
anytime soon.
So why bother?
Why don't the U.S.
and Pakistan stop
driving each other mad
and break ties altogether?
That's your topic.
No more than five pages.
Thank you.
Professor Boyd.
I enjoyed
your lecture.
Thank you.
I'm sorry,
do I know you?
No, but I knew
your friend.
Who's that?
Sandy Bachman.
He was hardly a friend.
Oh.
That's not what he told me.
Who are you?
I'm someone who
benefitted greatly
from your friendship.
And I am here
to tell you
that's not about to end
now that he's dead.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Oh, I think
you do.
I'm sorry, you must have me
confused with somebody else.
Do I?
Mm-hmm.
Who else would be
providing Sandy
with classified
documents
straight from the
ambassador's desk?
I really have to go.
(indistinct conversations)
Saul Berenson.
General.
Oh, no, no.
I'm retired.
Please, call me Bunny.
Bunny.
It's good to
see you again.
Yes, it is.
(Bunny sighs)
Tongues are wagging
all over the club.
Fraternizing
with the enemy.
(chuckles)
You hate us
so much?
No American has
set foot in here
since your raid
on Abbottabad.
We could go
someplace else.
Nah.
Fuck 'em all.
CARRIE:
So where are we?
PARVEZ:
We bugged his landline,
his computer.
Hidden
cameras...
He's on his cell phone.
Why are we not hearing the
other side of the conversation?
We couldn't get close enough.
He was on the move all morning.
CARRIE:
We need his cell phone.
That's where the call
will come in.
And we have to be able
to trace the caller.
Come on, guys.
This is the asshole who killed
Sandy, for Christ's sake.
We're gonna have to get
within five feet of his phone
in order to clone it.
Gotta do it while
he's asleep, then.
There must be
another way.
Not if he stays in that
apartment, there isn't.
It's not like when we were
fighting the Cold War.
No, the Russians
were tough, but...
They didn't saw our heads
off on the Internet.
Blow up innocent people.
Fly airplanes into
the Twin Towers.
Come on, Saul.
What?
We both know 9/11
was a hoax.
An Israeli-American
excuse
to launch a crusade
against the Muslim world.
Honestly,
I don't know what
to say when I hear
men of your deep
knowledge and experience
talk like that.
President Bush
lied about Iraq.
Why not 9/11?
Because
it's nonsense.
Oh...
Like saying
bin Laden's not dead.
Abbottabad was a CIA plot
meant to embarrass Pakistan.
So... tell
me, Saul.
What do you
want from me?
I want a favor.
Somebody to talk
to at the ISI,
somebody high up you trust.
What's this about?
Can't say.
My advice, then,
is to drop it.
Now is not a time
to be trusting anyone
inside the intelligence
directorate.
Well, surely there
must be somebody
I can reach
out to there.
Don't do it, Saul.
It's not even your
business anymore.
Go home.
Spend time
with your wife.
Garden.
I don't have a garden.
But I seem to remember
I do have an outstanding
credit with you.
It's a little late in the game
to be calling in a chit.
What do you mean?
It's over,
Saul.
You have lost.
The Americans are being
driven out of Afghanistan
just like the
Russians were.
The Taliban has won
and they know it.
And they will dictate the
terms of the settlement.
Well, then...
you can afford to be
a little gracious, can't you?
(chuckles)
FARA:
Max, the taxi's stopping.
Pull over.
MAX:
This is Ommaya.
The teaching hospital.
FARA:
Yeah.
What's he doing here?
(sighs)
We gotta be
hearing this.
Fara, he knows you.
I'll keep out of sight.
(indistinct conversations)
MAX:
You there?
FARA:
I'm here, yeah.
I can't get
any closer.
H-He's giving her the money
he got from Carrie.
What'd he tell her to do?
Don't know, I can't hear.
Looks like she
told him to wait.
MAX:
Then we wait, too.
♪ ♪
PARVEZ:
Clone's accepted.
(ringing)
Jesus.
(ringing continues)
CARRIE:
Get the fuck out
of there, Quinn.
(Ghazi speaking Urdu)
(caller speaking Urdu)
(phone beeps)
CARRIE:
Go, Quinn.
PARVEZ:
Call was local.
Friend asking if Ghazi
wanted to go clubbing.
At least we
know it works.
Come on, Bill,
there's got to be something.
I'll do freshman composition,
adult night classes, anything.
(sighs)
No, no, I understand.
I thought that
might be the case.
(sighs heavily)
Look, can we compromise
with just an office?
It doesn't even need
to be on campus...
just so I could
sell it to Martha.
Come on, Bill, please.
I'm going out of my mind here.
(sighs) Sure.
Sure, think about it.
You don't need
to decide right now.
I'll-I'll wait for your call.
And thanks again, Bill.
Yeah.
Fuck!
WOMAN:
I thought you'd
gone to bed.
I have to talk to you.
I'm almost finished.
SecDef is being
a total pain in the ass.
Martha, I need to
talk to you now.
Something wrong?
No. No, the opposite.
I-I finally got
some good news.
What?
G.W. has offered me
my old job back.
They have?
Mm-hmm.
My period of
exile is over.
Bill Nicholas
himself called.
When was this?
This afternoon.
He was up early.
(sighs)
Martha, I'm not
lying to you.
Talk to him yourself
if you don't believe me.
He wants me back
as soon as possible.
So what does "as soon
as possible" mean?
Early next week.
Faculty meetings
have already started.
So you're just
gonna leave?
You're going to abandon all
your teaching commitments
and everything else?
Come on. I can't
say no to this.
Yeah, but do you think
our marriage can survive
another separation?
I think that our marriage
could put my career
first for once.
We tried that.
You ended up plagiarizing
an entire chapter of your book.
That will not happen again.
Plus, there's Toby to consider.
Don't bring him into this.
He's away from home
for the first time.
One of us should
be there for him,
don't you think?
Or both of us?
You know damn well I can't leave
in the middle of my tour.
I have spent my whole life
following you around.
This is a ridiculous
conversation.
Is it?
Well... I've already said yes.
Figured as much.
I'm leaving next week.
Fine.
I thought you should know.
Now I know.
You did the
psych eval, too?
I just have my very last
polygraph, then I'm out.
Jesus, Quinn.
I guess I'm even more grateful
that you're here now.
Anything for you, Carrie.
Is that the real reason you
didn't come with me to Kabul,
you already had one foot
out the door?
Mostly I just didn't want
to live in a bunker
and kill people
by remote control.
That's harsh.
Ever since that
kid in Caracas,
covert operations
have been over for me.
I thought they were, anyway.
You have to let yourself off
the hook for that one, Quinn.
At least I
know his name.
Carlos Cedeño.
I don't even remember
half the others.
You took the fight
to the enemy,
and saved lives
in the process.
Or just made more enemies.
Either way, I was pretty far
down the fucking rabbit hole.
Come on, Quinn.
I'm serious.
It was like a drug.
You know, going from one
mission to the next like that.
You want to believe
you were such a bad guy?
Go ahead.
I was a bad guy.
Stop it.
Why are you doing this?
Maybe because
you need to hear it.
What I need, Quinn,
is your help.
Not your goddamn foot
on the break.
PARVEZ:
So, who's on doom watch,
and who's going back
to the embassy?
Quinn?
Uh, you go, I'll stay.
You sure?
All right.
Good night, then.
Good night.
Fara...
(whispering):
Fara.
(groans)
Night shift's
coming out.
I need a bathroom.
Not yet, you don't.
There's that nurse.
FARA:
Where's Aayan?
MAX:
Hand-off complete.
Hand-off of what?
Only God knows.
That's a
hospital, Max.
Probably drugs
or some kind.
Medicine.
He's running.
Hurry. Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Can we call off
the dogs, please?
Good morning
to you, too.
I have enough trouble
shaking ISI tails
without having to worry about
losing my own people as well.
The idea was
to watch your back,
so you didn't
wind up like Sandy.
Then why not come right out
and tell me about it?
We knew you'd say no.
Well, now
I am saying no.
Okay.
I don't see you
having much trouble
getting in and out
of the embassy.
There's a tunnel.
A tunnel?
It starts under
the Economics section.
Dumps you out
into the Itwar Bazaar.
Why didn't you say something?
You never asked.
♪ ♪
Hey.
What the fuck is this?
Bunny sent you.
General Latif asked me
to spare you some time.
What do you want?
Talk to you
about Sandy Bachman.
What about him?
His death.
Actually, his murder.
Answer me something,
if you would.
Of course.
Who's speaking here?
Is this Saul Berenson,
the private citizen?
Is it Saul Berenson,
ex-Director of the CIA?
Is it Carrie Mathison?
Who is speaking, please?
Why was Sandy Bachman murdered?
You tell me that, and I'll
tell you who's speaking here.
Hmm.
Usually the simplest explanation
is the correct one.
Which is?
He was recognized
on the street
and killed in anger
over a drone strike.
Official story.
The truth.
With one important omission.
What?
There was an ISI operative
on the ground that day.
In the crowd.
Not just by chance.
He was conducting
the whole bloody orchestra.
You know this how?
I've seen the evidence.
It's compelling.
What evidence?
An eyewitness, a photograph?
Show me.
Photographs can be forged,
eyewitnesses paid for.
You're a bright young man.
This would
explain a lot.
About what?
The timing of the leak of Sandy
Bachman's picture to the press,
the fact that the other
two intelligence officers
in the car weren't
also killed.
As a former official
of the United States,
you're drawing some pretty damn
unofficial conclusions.
Wouldn't be the first time
your service has targeted
one of our people.
Or vice versa.
Was it you?
You give the order?
As a favor to the General,
I agreed to a chat,
Mr. Berenson,
not an interrogation.
Good day.
Where's our guy?
Went out for breakfast.
He's back now.
He's on the Internet.
Well, I just got off
the phone with Saul.
Consider the pot stirred.
If anything's gonna happen, it's
gonna happen today-- and soon.
Hey, Quinn-- can I talk
to you for a second?
About last night...
Forget it.
No...
You didn't want
to come back here.
I get that now.
So, thanks for coming in spite
of that-- it means a lot.
Not to mention we'd be nowhere
on this if it wasn't for you.
We may still
be nowhere.
You know what I mean.
So, we good?
Yeah, we're good.
(cars honking)
MAX:
You see him?
FARA: Yeah, he's just
as stuck as we are.
He's getting out of the car.
We're gonna lose him.
Don't do anything stupid.
It's not worth it.
♪ ♪
(car honks)
(phone rings)
Quinn!
Target's
getting a call.
Qadir.
GHAZI:
Salaam alaikum.
WOMAN:
Hello?
GHAZI:
(responds in Arabic)
WOMAN: (speaking in Arabic,
asks a question)
GHAZI:
(responds in Arabic)
Quinn, what
did she say?
His laundry's ready
for pick-up.
He's killing his comms.
That was an exit code.
Who was the caller?
We're not getting it.
Quinn!
Nothing, no trace.
Well, how is that
even possible?
PARVEZ:
He's running.
CARRIE:
Fuck!
We have to take him.
What?
CARRIE: We take him now.
You fucking kidding me?
We don't have a choice.
He walks out that door,
out walks our only chance
to connect the ISI
to Sandy's murder.
It's way too dangerous.
What? He's one guy,
there's four of us.
He's a trained hood
who knows he just got made.
We can do it.
Not without
somebody getting hurt.
All right, fine.
We'll do it without you.
Parvez, Qadir, come on.
No!
(phone ringing)
Get your hands off me!
For all you know,
he's got backup on the way!
Backup? Did you hear one word
about backup on that call?
Fara's on the line.
Not now.
She says it's urgent.
I can't talk to you.
Haissam Haqqani's alive.
What?
Haqqani is alive.
What, it... That's impossible.
He was killed in the air strike.
Well, I just saw him walk
out of a madrassa
with Aayan Ibrahim.
He was with Aayan?
Yes, they embraced,
and then Haqqani drove off
in an SUV.
Are you 100% sure?
Check your e-mail.
I just sent you a video.
PARVEZ: Guys,
he's leaving the apartment.
You want us
to go after him?
Just wait.
We're gonna lose him.
Then we lose him.
We may have a game-changer here.
(crowd chatter)
QUINN:
Is that Haqqani?
Yeah.
QUINN:
But we killed him.
The Taliban said
we killed him.
Fara, are you still there?
I'm here.
I'm assuming you couldn't
follow him.
No, I'm on foot.
What about Aayan?
Heading back the way he came.
Okay, get back to the office
as soon as you can
in case he shows up there.
And, Fara, good work.
What the fuck, Carrie?
Tell me what you're thinking
right now.
That Sandy's death actually
makes sense for the first time.
He was killed in order
to protect Haqqani,
who either survived
the air strike
or wasn't there
in the first place.
He wasn't there.
They played us
from the very beginning.
But why do any of it?
Because that's when we stop
tracking terrorists,
when we think they're dead.
I get why the Taliban wants us
to think that,
but why the ISI?
That's a great fucking question.
Hello, professor.
Please come in.
Hey!
(door closes)
I don't like asking twice.
I am the husband
of the American ambassador,
and you-you are risking
a serious diplomatic incident.
What do you want?
I've told you already.
And I've told you
I'm not the guy.
Plus, I'm leaving,
as you can see.
Actually, you're not.
You've had a change of heart.
(chuckles)
(groans)
(speaking Urdu)
(panting)
I demand to make a phone call.
Of course.
Go ahead.
But here's what happens
if you do.
A packet arrives
at the FBI headquarters
in Washington, D.C.
Inside are the documents you
stole from your wife's computer
and a timeline implicating you
in their theft.
You're arrested for treason
and your wife's career
is destroyed by association.
Who are you?
Call me Tasneem.
Beyond that,
it's better you don't know.
(sighing)
Dennis?
Here's my promise to you.
Once you've done all I've asked,
you can leave Islamabad
without any further obligations.
A free man.
Neither the FBI nor your wife
will ever know.
What's this?
This is how we begin.
CARRIE:
Don't worry.
Aayan will be back.
How can you be sure?
Because he's desperate.
And because he would've gone
with Haqqani
if that was an option.
Are you coming, Max?
Coming.
So, Max is gonna take me
to the safe house.
You wait here
in case Aayan shows up.
Okay.
And if he does show,
bring him, by; I don't care
how late it is.
And in the meantime,
should I get started
on a passport and visa for him?
No.
Why not?
He's not going anywhere, Fara.
But we promised him
safe passage to England.
That's before we caught him
aiding and abetting
a known jihadi.
Haqqani's his uncle, Carrie.
For all we know, that medicine
is for one of his cousins.
Do you know what
a stalking horse is?
It's a decoy used to hide behind
while hunting your quarry.
I don't understand.
We're gonna hide
right behind Aayan
all the way back to his uncle.
(chuckles)
But he'll never agree.
Let me worry about that.
You just get him
to the safe house.
(rhythmic thumping)
(sighs)
(knocking)
Aayan,
come in.
See you tomorrow.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I guess, yeah.
You did what
you needed to?
(sighs)
Anything else
I can do to help?
No, I don't think so.
Thanks-thanks
for the money, though.
I'll pay you back.
Here, let me take that.
No, it's... it's okay.
So this is where you'll stay.
I-I thought we were going
to London?
We are, once I get you
a passport and a visa.
But you-you said right away.
Well, this is right away.
We're talking about two days,
three at the max,
then we're gone.
Three days...
Aayan,
you're safe here.
(sighs)
I'm-I'm gonna move
into a hotel tomorrow.
I'll give you some privacy,
but for now, let's...
let's make up the couch.
What do you say?
Okay.
I'll be right back
with some sheets
and a pillow.
(sighs)
All right.
Come on, give me a hand.
(chuckles)
Here.
You take that end.
(chuckles)
Sorry.
Yeah.
There.
You must be exhausted.
You should get some rest.
(sighs)
Look, I know it doesn't feel
like that right now,
but it's all gonna work out.
The worst is over.
You deserve a little...
(chuckles)
...grace.
Hey,
what is it, Aayan?
Something I didn't tell you.
I should've told you.
What?
I got kicked out of my, uh,
my medical school.
When did that happen?
Yesterday.
For what reason?
They're claiming
I stole medicines
from the hospital pharmacy.
I didn't do that.
That's a lie.
Hey.
It's okay.
No, I-I didn't do it.
I believe you.
What about King's College?
Won't this affect my chances
of getting in?
No. (chuckles)
Really?
Really.
How...
How's that possible?
Trust me.
I'll make them understand.
Hey, try not to worry so much.
What-what are you doing?
(softly):
Nothing.
Is that okay?
I don't know.
You've never
done this before.
No.
Hey.
(sighs)
(grunts)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH